{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1331\cocoasubrtf120
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red50\green98\blue178;\red100\green100\blue100;
\red225\green225\blue225;\red245\green245\blue245;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
				What's New: Version Notification System by Dave Levy\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs72 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The What's New version notification system is a simple way for apps to add quick alerts when a new version of their app is installed. The first time What's New detects that a new version has launched, the user is presented with a brief description of brand new features. The app developer can choose to either present this information via a live webpage, or from a simple string included in their app. What's New is coded in Swift and can also be used in Swift-bridged Objective C projects.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs72 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Instructions\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If porting WhatsNew SIMPLE ALERT code into an existing Objective C project that has Swift bridging...
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Select all of the 'WhatsNewController' Swift code and paste into your bridged .swift file.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Add @objc to the primary class files you just pasted.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Modify and paste this into your ViewWillAppear section.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs28 \cf4 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \
WhatsNewController.infoString = [NSString stringWithFormat:@"-First feature. \\n-Second feature. \\n-Third feature."];\
[WhatsNewController displayFromStringIfNecessary:self];\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs32 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If porting WhatsNew WEBPAGE POP-OUT ALERT code into an existing Objective C project that has Swift bridging...
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Select all of the 'WhatsNewController' Swift code and paste into your bridged .swift file.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Add @objc to the primary class files you just pasted.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Modify and paste this into your ViewWillAppear section.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs28 \cf4 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
WhatsNewController.infoPageURL = [NSURL URLWithString:@"http://www.infusionsoft.com"];\
WhatsNewController.storyboardFileName = @"WhatsNew";\
[WhatsNewController displayFromHTMLIfNecessary:self embedded:false];\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs32 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If porting WhatsNew WEBPAGE POP-OUT or EMBEDDED ALERT code into an existing Swift project...
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls3\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Copy the WhatsNew.storyboard and WhatsNewController.swift file into your project.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Modify and paste this into your ViewWillAppear section.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs28 \cf4 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
WhatsNewController.infoPageURL = NSURL(string: "http://infusionsoft.com")!\
WhatsNewController.storyboardFileName = NSString(string: "WhatsNew")\
WhatsNewController.displayFromHTMLIfNecessary(self, embedded:true)\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs32 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If porting WhatsNew SIMPLE ALERT code into an existing Swift project...
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Copy the WhatsNewController.swift file into your project.\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Modify and paste this into your ViewWillAppear section.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs28 \cf4 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
WhatsNewController.infoString = "-First feature. \\n-Second feature. \\n-Third feature."\
WhatsNewController.displayFromStringIfNecessary(self)\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs32 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If porting WhatsNew WEBPAGE EMBEDDED ALERT code into an existing Objective C project that has Swift bridging...
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
** (NOT CURRENTLY SUPPORTED: AppDelegate conflicts)**\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs72 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
DETAILS\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720
\cf4 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls5\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
For displayFromHTMLIfNecessary you can either pop out a Safari window by using embedded:false.  Or you can embed the webpage inside a viewController with embedded:true.  Either option requires that you designate an infoPageURL which is the webpage with all of your version details. \
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You do not have to change the "WhatsNew" storyboardFileName unless you want to use your own custom Storyboard instead of the "WhatsNew.storyboard" that is provided.  If you use your own custom ViewController, it should be titled "WhatsNewViewController".  Alternatively you can rename "WhatsNewViewController" in the swift code provided as needed.\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
For simple text alerts, edit the "infoString" which will provide the user with details regarding your new app's version. If you decide not to include an "infoString", What's New will alert the user that a new version has been installed, without any details.\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Alerts for each version will only happen once, the first time the app is launched.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720
\cf4 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}